QA Report:

Version October 9 Project File (from Slack)

Issues:

1. Duplicates added to "Selected Meals"
Clicking on the "Meals List" column on a singular item multiple times will add again the meal into the "Selected Meals" column

Expected result: 
A) Clicking on a meal from the "Meals List" should remove the entry from "Meals List" and add an entry to "Selected Meals"
B) Clicking on a meal from "Meals List" should add the entry to "Selected Meals" and provide some feedback that its been selected, such as a highlight. Clicking again should perform no additional changes

2. "Filtered Meals show up in Selected Meals"
Clicking on an entry to add to "Selected Meals" from "Meals List" and then right-clicking to "filter that meal out" continues to show the entry on the "Selected Meals"

Expected result:
Right-clicking on an entry should also temporarily remove the item from "Selected meals"

3. Using arrow keys does not update the "Info Box"
Info box is only updated when a meal is added to the "Selected Meals".

Expected result:
Whatever is currently highlighted should be on the info box. Clicking on Popcorn and then using the downarrow so the highlight is on Tacos should have the info box show the Tacos information

4. There is no "reset" button

Expected result:
A "reset" button to quickly remove all selected meals and start again

5. Info Box incorrect information *Randomized
There is extraneous information that should not be shown

6. Info Box Misnamed "Id's"
Id's should be renamed to "Tag"
Current:
Popcorn
ID's['Snack']['Quick']
Expected:
Popcorn
Tags[Snack][Quick]

7. Info Box Formatting
7.1) Quotations should be removed when possible
7.2) [Brackets] should be 1 per attribute
Example Current for Popcorn:
Ingredients: ['Corn', 'Salt', 'Oil']
Id's['Snack'] ['Quick']
Expected for Popcorn:
Ingredients: [Corn] [Salt] [Oil]
Id's[Snack] [Quick]

8. Filters are seperate and cumbersome
Filters are needed to be applied in a seperate tab. There is no feedback on the mainscreen for what filters are applied. There is indication of what meals are available for selection (the "Selected Meals" is empty and does not populate when filters are added")

9. Unable to add new meals

10. Unable to edit meals

11. Unable to delete meals

12. Time Filter is not present

13. Filters are not re-arrangeable
They are also not alphabetized OR grouped by category

14. Roulette is not showing what meals were available for selection
Select no meals, and apply no filters. Randomizer will show a random meal. It does not show what meals were available for selection or which ones were not available for selection

15. UX - Instructions
Instructions should be line by line for each "function"
Current:
"Left click an entry in the Meal List to select it. Right click while selected to filter that meal out, do this again to undo toggle. Left click it in the Selected Meals List to remove it from your listed meals. Use tabs to navigate to the filter screen"
Expected:
Left click an entry in the Meal List to select it
Left click it in the Selected Meals List to remove it from your listed meals
Right click while selected to filter that meal out, do this again to undo toggle
Use tabs to navigate to the filter screen"

16. Filters tab - Duplicates
Clicking a filter can be added multiple times when added to Whitelist or Blacklist

17. Filters tab - Logical error
Filter can both be a whitelist and blacklist
